Artwork Overwriting with Screen Manager (#423)
smartdevicelink/sdl_app_library_guides: docs/Displaying a User Interface/Template Images/index.md

```
!@

### Overwriting Images

> When a file is to be uploaded to the module, the library checks if a file with the same name has already been uploaded to module and skips the upload if it can. For cases where an image by the same name needs to be re-uploaded, the @![iOS]`SDLArtwork` / `SDLFile`'s !@@![android, javaSE, javaEE, javascript]`SdlArtwork` \ `SdlFile`'s!@ `overwrite` property should be used. Setting `overwrite` to `true` before passing the image to a @![iOS]`SDLScreenManager`!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE, javascript]`ScreenManager`!@ method such as @![iOS]`primaryGraphic` and `secondaryGraphic`!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE, javascript]`setPrimaryGraphic()` and `setSecondaryGraphic()`!@ will force the image to be re-uploaded. This includes methods such as @![iOS]`preloadChoices:withCompletionHandler:`!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE, javascript]`preloadChoices()`!@ where the arguments passed in contain images.

Author: Suggesting to use forward slash in both cases
```suggestion
When a file is to be uploaded to the module, the library checks if a file with the same name has already been uploaded to module and skips the upload if it can. For cases where an image by the same name needs to be re-uploaded, the @![iOS]`SDLArtwork` / `SDLFile`'s !@@![android, javaSE, javaEE, javascript]`SdlArtwork` / `SdlFile`'s!@ `overwrite` property should be used. Setting `overwrite` to `true` before passing the image to a @![iOS]`SDLScreenManager`!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE, javascript]`ScreenManager`!@ method such as @![iOS]`primaryGraphic` and `secondaryGraphic`!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE, javascript]`setPrimaryGraphic()` and `setSecondaryGraphic()`!@ will force the image to be re-uploaded. This includes methods such as @![iOS]`preloadChoices:withCompletionHandler:`!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE, javascript]`preloadChoices()`!@ where the arguments passed in contain images.
```

!!! IMPORTANT
Please note that many production modules on the road do not refresh the HMI with the new image if the file name has not changed. If you want the image to refresh on the screen immediately, we suggest using two image names and toggling back and forth between the names each time you update the image. 

> This issue may also extend to menus, alerts, and other UI features even if they're not on-screen at the time. Because of these issues, we do not recommend that you try to overwrite an image. Instead, you can delete an image file using the @![iOS]`SDLFileManager`!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE, javascript]`SdlFileManager`!@.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This issue may also extend to menus, alerts, and other UI features even if they're not on-screen at the time. Because of these issues, we do not recommend that you try to overwrite an image. Instead, you can delete an image file using the @![iOS]`SDLFileManager`!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE, javascript]`SdlFileManager`!@ and re-upload it once the deletion completes, or you may use a different file name.
```

```
!@

### Overwriting Images

> When a file is to be uploaded to the module, the @![iOS]`SDLFileManager`!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE, javascript]`FileManager`!@ checks if a file with the same name has already been uploaded to module and skips the upload if the image has already been uploaded. For cases where an image by the same name needs to be reuploaded then the @![iOS]`SDLArtwork`'s !@@![android, javaSE, javaEE, javascript]`SdlArtwork`'s!@ `overwrite` property should be used. Setting `overwrite` to `true` before passing the image to a @![iOS]`SDLScreenManager`!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE, javascript]`ScreenManager`!@ method such as @![iOS]`primaryGraphic` and `secondaryGraphic`!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE, javascript]`setPrimaryGraphic()` and `setSecondaryGraphic()`!@ will force the image to be reuploaded. This includes methods such as @![iOS]`preloadChoices:withCompletionHandler:`!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE, javascript]`preloadChoices()`!@ where the arguments passed in contain images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a file is to be uploaded to the module, the library checks if a file with the same name has already been uploaded to module and skips the upload if it can. For cases where an image by the same name needs to be re-uploaded, the @![iOS]`SDLArtwork` / `SDLFile`'s !@@![android, javaSE, javaEE, javascript]`SdlArtwork` \ `SdlFile`'s!@ `overwrite` property should be used. Setting `overwrite` to `true` before passing the image to a @![iOS]`SDLScreenManager`!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE, javascript]`ScreenManager`!@ method such as @![iOS]`primaryGraphic` and `secondaryGraphic`!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE, javascript]`setPrimaryGraphic()` and `setSecondaryGraphic()`!@ will force the image to be re-uploaded. This includes methods such as @![iOS]`preloadChoices:withCompletionHandler:`!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE, javascript]`preloadChoices()`!@ where the arguments passed in contain images.
```

!!! IMPORTANT

> Please note that many production modules on the road do not refresh the HMI with the new image if the file name has not changed. If you want the image to refresh on the screen immediately, we suggest using two image names and toggling back and forth between the names each time you update the image. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that many production modules on the road do not refresh the HMI with the new image if the file name has not changed. If you want the image to refresh on the screen immediately, we suggest using two image names and toggling back and forth between the names each time you update the image. 

This issue may also extend to menus, alerts, and other UI features even if they're not on-screen at the time. Because of these issues, we do not recommend that you try to overwrite an image. Instead, you can delete an image file using the @![iOS]`SDLFileManager`!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE, javascript]`SdlFileManager`!@.
```

!!!

> 
> @![iOS]
> ##### Objective-C
> ```objc
> SDLArtwork *sdlArtwork = <#SDLArtwork#>;
> sdlArtwork.overwrite = YES;
> sdlManager.screenManager.primaryGraphic = sdlArtwork;
> ```
> 
> ##### Swift
> ```swift
> let sdlArtwork = <#SDLArtwork#>
> sdlArtwork.overwrite = true
> sdlManager.screenManager.primaryGraphic = sdlArtwork
> ```
> !@
> 
> @![android, javaSE, javaEE]
> ```java
> // TODO: Code that sets an artwork's overwrite property to true before passing to setPrimaryGraphic()
> ```
> !@
> 
> @![javascript]
> ```js
> // setting the primary graphic with overwrite set to true
> sdlArtwork.setOverwrite(true);
> sdlManager.getScreenManager().setPrimaryGraphic(sdlArtwork);
> ```
> !@

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Because this is all not recommended, I suggest removing code showing how to do it.
